That on Facebook, the obscene milkman, washerman, watchman,
Kamlabai, everyone's numbers are displayed on the screen,
presentation files check, phone charger, laptop
charger check, quality check and shouted check,
madam, the skin and Gautam Verma ji's
health has deteriorated a lot, so
all the hospital numbers are also there, oh
my dear, you just concentrate on your business tab
and come here with Bindass, even if
any emergency arises, there will be an NA to take care of me,
that no, I have to go out for some work for four days, have
you
even found someone to take care of me, who is that, what has happened, that I will take
care of you, I am talking about
madam, we can make it shallow bar presents a
beneficial placement of avengers able to take
benefit of all who am I